{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Tahoma;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1036\loch\f0\fs24\lang1036\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe255\hich\f2\fs28\lang1036\loch\f2\fs28\lang1036\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1036\loch\f0\fs24\lang1036\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1036\loch\f0\fs24\lang1036\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1036\i\loch\f0\fs24\lang1036\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1036\loch\f0\fs24\lang1036\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo4\dy10\hr0\min56}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16837\paperw11905\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f3\fs20\lang1036\loch\f3\fs20\lang1036 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1036\i0\b0 jUploadr 1.1\line 1.1 Turned out to be a bigger release than I anticipated, --there are too many changes to list\line here, but some of the important ones are tag completion and zooomr support. I've re-worked how \line the authorization system works, so it's easier to ma
nage and switch accounts.\line  \line jUploadr 1.0\line 1.0 is here. The image scaling code in the latest SWT release is now native, which\line is a HUGE speed improvement over the last version. I scaled a 3 meg image in under two \line seconds. The old version would take somethin
g like 20 seconds to do the same. I've also \line made a couple of very minor UI tweaks --the tags input field is now a text area rather\line than just a text field. People love lots of tags. On to 1.1!\line \line jUploadr 1.0 RC 1\line Yay, we're at 1.0. I've sorted out the uploa
ding order bugs and added German as\line a translation language. I've also added the ability to detect if you've added the same\line picture twice, which was causing some confusion because of the odd state that resulted.\line From here to 1.0, it's all bug fixes.\line \line jUploa
dr 0.8\line Usability and features are what make up this release. The way you interact\line with jUploadr has been significantly reworked. I've ditched the modal right-click\line dialogs. Now you get one unified dialog when you right click on the application.\line I've also c
hanged how jUploadr handles selections. It works much more like a file \line browser now. Right-clicking an item selects it, and if it's not already selected, \line de-selects everything else.\line I've also added image rotation and adding to groups (either new or pre-ex
isting). \line jUploadr is now does everything the standard flickr uploader does, and more.\line I also fixed numerous bugs including the long-standing bug where jUploadr would\line destroy EXIF data if you re-scaled the images.\line \line jUplaodr 0.7\line Implemented the new flickr A
uthentication mechanism.\line \tab \line jUploadr 0.6\line We're nearing 1.0. I've added threaded uploading which improves the UI's\line responsiveness when you add a bunch of pictures. I've also remedied a bug \line with proxy support.\line \line jUploadr 0.5\line Configuration is the core of this 
release. Due to John Hume's generous\line help, jUploadr now has an extensive configuration UI. I've also added\line a couple options (see changes for more).\line Additionally, this is the first release that will work on the Mac, although\line some of the pretty graphics don'
t work so well (no transparency).\line \line jUploadr 0.4\line The largest change in this release is the ability to edit files as a \line group. To do this, click on a photo to select it (the border will \line change to blue). After you have selected several photos, right-click on
\line the background of jUploadr and select "Edit Selected Photos". This will\line bring up the multiple photo edit dialog. It's essentially the same as the\line normal dialog, but you can see your selected photos in a stack. Any \line attributes you set in this dialog apply 
to all the selected photos as a \line group.\line \line The multiple selection features change how you use the application slightly.\line Instead of single-clicking to edit a photo's attributes, you double-click,\line as single-clicking a photo selects it. Otherwise, everything is
 roughly the\line same.\line \line jUploadr 0.3.5\line This release contains a bunch of usability and stability enhancements, \line notably thumbnail decorations, which are transparent blocks that appear \line over thumbnails. They show you your your photo's privacy settings and \line what 
data you have entered at a glance.\line Since Flikr was having so much trouble for the past week or so, the \line error handling logic has been improved a lot since the last relase.\line I also added password caching, so after a successful login, it doesn't\line send another 
re-auth before each upload.\line \line Compatibility:\line Also, jUploadr also works in java 1.5, which is a very good thing.\line I also added an amd64 port. This is for anyone using the AMD64 version\line of Java, it won't work on a non-AMD64 version! If you're unsure, get the \line 
i386 version.\line John apparently has it working on Windows as well, but I can't test it\line so I really hope this works.\line \line jUploadr 0.3\line This release finally contains threaded uploading, which means that while \line uploading, the application remains usable. I also adde
d a progress bar, and\line notification when your upload set is complete.\line \line In addition, jUploadr now also saves your password and all useful data to\line the filesystem so you don't get prompted before every upload. This data\line is saved in plain text (for now) but I i
nted to encrypt it in the future. \line Since passwords are sent over the Internet unencrypted anyway (as required by\line the Flickr API), I felt that this wasn't the most major security problem with\line jUploadr.\line \line You may also right-click on the UI after your files ha
ve uploaded and remove\line all images that have already been uploaded to flickr.\line \line Everything else should work like it did before.\line \line I'd like to thank John Hume for helping out with this release, and getting \line jUploadr running on windows. He's responsible for the
 threaded upload, and he\line allowed me to rest my hands so they'd get better. \line \line \line \line \tab \line If you enter the -proxy switch, you will be prompted for your proxy details \line when you first upload a file. These settings are saved, and you won't\line be prompted again.\line \tab \line \line Good l
uck\line -Steve\line }
\par }